Optimize (CQA) - Managing Content - ACS (#4756)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-simplified-alternate-content-source-by-using-web-ui.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="creating-a-simplified-alternate-content-source-by-using-web-ui"]
= Creating a simplified alternate content source by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]
You can create a simplified alternate content source (ACS) when your {SmartProxyServers} have faster connections to the upstream repository than to your {ProjectServer}.

> This speeds up synchronization by downloading content directly from the upstream source.

Author: ```suggestion
This accelerates synchronization by downloading content directly from the upstream source.
```
